# RPGStamina

Notice: As has been brought to my attention, there is a bug where jumping will not consume stamina if you are running this mod alongside the Satchels mod. Until I get around to fix it, you can get around it by using https://github.com/makamys/Mixingasm.

A mod adding stamina mechanics to minecraft, similar to how it works in other games! More specifically, it works like this:

**Stamina is decreased when**:
* Jumping
* Sprinting
* Hitting
* Using an item (e.g. pulling a bow, does not apply to food)
* Shooting a gun (If Modern Warfare 2 is installed)

**Stamina is regenerated by**:
* Doing nothing
* Eating food

**The consequences**:
* When stamina is at 0, you cannot sprint or use items (e.g. pull a bow, again, does not apply to eating food)
* When stamina is below 20, weakness and slowness are applied
* When stamina is below 30, the attack timer is slightly increased - you hit slower

**Other features**:
* With every level of experience you gain, maximum stamina is increased.
* An endurance potion is added - it increases your stamina.
* An endurance ring is added if Baubles are installed - it increases and occasionally regenerates your stamina.
* Light Feet enchantment is added - it decreases the stamina used by sprinting.
* There is a configuration option to completely disable the vanilla minecraft hunger mechanic, but this is off by default.
* The maximum stamina each player starts with, the amount a player gains with each levelup, the jump, sprint, use and shoot penalties, the stamina bar position, toggles for the enchantment/potion/ring as well as both the regeneration rates are completely configurable in .minecraft/config/rpgstamina.cfg

## Installation to Game

1. Install Minecraft 1.7.10 with the **latest** Forge version.
2. Download and move the latest jar file from this mod's releases into the mods folder.

## Setting up a Development Environment

You can set up a devevelopment environment by Gradle, with IntelliJIdea: `gradlew setupDecompWorkspace idea genIntellijRuns` or Eclipse: `gradlew setupDecompWorkspace eclipse` then import the project. Complete the running configurations with the following VM option: `-Dfml.coreMods.load=net.tclproject.mysteriumlib.asm.fixes.PatchesLoader`

## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome.

## License
This mod is currently licensed under the MIT license.
